the eye behind some of the most poignant
pictures of this war went to sleep Sam
Abu Al's cameraman a son father brother
Uncle left to bleed on the ground as
Israel's barrage of Firepower was
relentless Sam along with our colleague
w d was covering the aftermath of the
bombing of a un run School in Kan yunes
and despite calls for help the
bulldozers weren't allowed to clear the
way to reach samur as he was fighting
for his
life in the
meantime injured by shrapnel in his arm
shoulder and waist made his own way to
hospital alone not knowing that samur
had faded
away we can't tell what exactly happened
happed I only felt a big impact I fell
down and lost my helmet and my
microphone I try to gather all my
strength and was only barely able to
stand up I was feeling dizzy and losing
my
balance wh story just like many in Gaza
has become one of multiple tragedies and
heartaches he lost his wife emna his
teenage son Mahmud his 7-year-old
daughter sham and his grandson killed in
an air strike on October
25th 6 days later broadcast engineer
Muhammad Abul kusam lost 19 members of
his family including his father and two
sisters when Israeli missiles reigned
over the jabalia refugee camp in
Northern
Gaza then on December 6th it was the
turn of m al sharafi to feel the
unbearable pain of loss 22 members of
his family gone in the blink of an eye
following Israel's evacuation orders and
heading south of the strip didn't save
their
lives this is him mman reporting his
story one too common in this
war over 21 individuals were killed and
the paramedics are still unable to
retrieve their bodies from under the
rubble only one child was found she was
propelled to the adjacent house due to
the force of the explosion she was found
dismembered and has been
buried within less than a week on
December 11th Anis Sharif lost his
father because War doesn't discriminate
between those who can and cannot
flee too old and fra an's father stayed
in his house in jabalia north of
Gaza in total Al jazer has lost 47
members of its extended family their
names will join the list of the
thousands of Innocents who were killed
by the overwhelming power of
Israel but no missile will be able to
kill the pictures sammer captured at the
cost of his own life iconic at times
harsh pictures that will remain engraved
in the memory of millions of
viewers ABD Hamid Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer